Update set-backup-target.md (#1055)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.8.0/snapshots-and-backups/backup-and-restore/set-backup-target.md

   Here is a reference to the GCP IAM roles you have available for granting access to a serviceaccount https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/access-control/iam-roles.

> > Note: Consider creating an IAM condition to reduce how many buckets this serviceaccount has object admin access to. A simple way to do this in the cloud console is to view the bucket; click 'Permissions', 'Grant access', and give your serviceaccount specific objectAdmin access to the one bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Consider creating an IAM condition to reduce how many buckets this serviceaccount has object admin access to. On the Google Cloud console, go to **Cloud Storage > Buckets**, and select the target bucket. On the **Bucket details** screen, go to the **Permissions** tab, click **Grant Access**, and grant your service account Storage Object Admin permissions for the target bucket.
```

If you don't get any error messages, try creating a backup and confirm the content is pushed out to your new bucket.

> If the Backup Target page displays an error string of just the word 'error', you may learn more by checking the JSON response of the page's internal fetch of `/v1/backuptargets`. Note that in this response, errors from GCP will be labeled "AWS Error", e.g. "AWS Error:  AccessDenied". (See [this issue](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10428)).

Reviewer 2: Will we have an improvement to show the real error message on the GUI, for example, hovering the `Error` in a row on the `Backup Target` page?

Reviewer 3: Sure, we need as discussed before. Could you add the link of the improvement ticket?

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10428

> If the Backup Target page displays an error string of just the word 'error', you may learn more by checking the JSON response of the page's internal fetch of `/v1/backuptargets`. Note that in this response, errors from GCP will be labeled "AWS Error", e.g. "AWS Error:  AccessDenied". (See [this issue](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10428)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Backup Target** screen on the Longhorn UI displays the status of each backup target. If the status is **Error** and no other details are provided, you can use the **Inspect** feature of your browser to view the response data for `/v1/backuptargets`. Errors from GCP are labeled "AWS Error" (for example, "AWS Error: AccessDenied"). For more information, see [Issue #10428](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/10428).
```
